# Curriculum_checking_system
Curriculum checking system is a system that can show the results of comparison between the courses in the specified course and the courses that the students have registered. For staff to facilitate reviewing courses that students are not registered Show the results of each course. By the system to help verify the old version of the course Has developed functions related to the management of student structure data The scope of work includes functions that can add, edit, delete, including subject information. Subject information And course information Find information related to the course structure. Able to compare results between the specified courses for each year, the courses of each branch and the courses that the students are registered for. Able to give examination status to students Which in the new version has added new functions including Printing a PDF file so that the Education Administration staff and related staff within the department can use the comparison information between the course subjects. And a summary of the course results Separation of licenses between the staff of the Administration of Education and the staff within the department. To limit the use of the function by education administration staff and department staff have access to comparative information between the course subjects. In the course only Course structure data import function where data is placed in a dataset table. (spreadsheet) by bringing information about the course structure Subject groups and subject areas for each year of the curriculum of each field And a function to search the access history of the Department of Education staff to be able to view the history of actions for adding, editing and deleting data.
